Add notes for CG-06-20.md (#1349)
WebAssembly/meetings: main/2023/CG-06-20.md

PP: That wasn’t the intended use, but I can see how someone may use it that way. We don’t load a different module, but we don’t have a precedent for it

AR: even if i were super careful and checked and assume i have some safe points where I check the length again. How would I be able to react on that, if the vectors are already stored in memory with a certain length, and my architecture is a different length, how can I read them?

PP: We’re not storing a vector type in memory, we’re storing the memory that corresponds to the vector. If you’re storing 256 bytes. And if you have a different architecture then you need to load 4x4, or whatever the architecture provides, so its a bag of bytes

AR: that would mean that the load/store instructions you have aren’t useful in that case, you would always have to load individual values and reconstruct the vectors from scratch if you wanted that kind of mobility. (again a hypothetical)

CW: Are there people working on this? 

[PP showing example]

> PP: This is an example from the ??? presentation, so you would know the vector, a SIMD register. So you would load, the amount of bytes required to fill it, then perform the operations and store to a different SIMD register. And store the amount of bytes. Basically if you have different lengths, you’d check that. If you have different lengths, then you are suspended and have a different architecture?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PP: This is an example from the original presentation, a vector value corresponds to a SIMD register. So you would load, the amount of bytes required to fill the operands of the operation, then perform the operation and get a value in a (potentially) different SIMD register, then store the same number of bytes. But if you have different lengths, you’d check that against previous operation, which is harder. If you have different lengths, then you are suspended and have a different architecture?
```
